fix(curriculum): changed filter description (#48524)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/functional-programming/use-the-filter-method-to-extract-data-from-an-array.md

Another useful array function is `Array.prototype.filter()`, or simply `filter()`.

> `filter` calls a function on each element of an array and returns a new array containing only the elements for which that function returns a value equivalent to `true`. In other words, it filters the array, based on the function passed to it. Like `map`, it does this without needing to modify the original array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`filter` calls a function on each element of an array and returns a new array containing only the elements for which that function returns a truthy value - that is, a value which returns `true` if passed to the `Boolean()` constructor. In other words, it filters the array, based on the function passed to it. Like `map`, it does this without needing to modify the original array.
```

I believe this was the verbiage agreed upon in the issue discussion?
